annot: Add olive oil to a hot pan
ACTID: 0
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] olive oil (-1)
[PP, location, to] a hot pan (-1)
annot: add pieces of lamb
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] pieces of lamb (-1)
[PP, food, ] (0)
annot: finely dice an onion, garlic, carrot, and celery
ACTID: 2
PRED: dice
[DOBJ, food] an onion (-1), garlic (-1), carrot (-1), and celery (-1)
annot: add to the pan
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] (2)
[PP, food, to] the pan (-1)
annot: Add thyme and flour to the pan
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] thyme (-1), flour (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (3)
annot: stir
ACTID: 5
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (4)
annot: Pour chicken stock to the pan
ACTID: 6
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] chicken stock (-1)
[PP, location, to] the pan (5)
annot: Add diced tomatoes, lamb, salt, and pepper to the pan
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] diced tomatoes (-1), lamb (1), salt (-1), pepper (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (6)
annot: place the pan in the oven
ACTID: 8
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the pan (7)
[PP, location, in] the oven (-1)
annot: heat for about an hour
ACTID: 9
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] (8)
[PP, other, for] about an hour (-1)
annot: place small pieces of butter and milk into a pot of boiled potatoes
ACTID: 10
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] small pieces of butter (-1), milk (-1)
[PP, food, into] a pot of boiled potatoes (-1)
annot: mash the potatoes with the butter and milk
ACTID: 11
PRED: mash
[DOBJ, food] the potatoes (10)
[PP, food, with] the butter (-1), milk (-1)
annot: place the lamb and potatoes in a small bowl
ACTID: 12
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the lamb (9), potatoes (11)
[PP, location, in] a small bowl (-1)